I opted for a well-timed tv
I'm james bond, I'm 27 years old.
I'm training for eight years most
difficulty always was the lack of support
especially here in Brazil where the
sport still only very prejudiced
that motivated me to continue was the
discipline, dedication, sport challenge
for a long time I did not have the support
I took out my pocket to supplement
especially due to the
value to the expenses to build a
good body but I met people
right in my life
I found partners who have been
willing to help me in my goal and
to fulfill my dreams
one of these people also calls
kleber armadillo I owe my evolution and the
my competitive level there too
today I am free of tuition
The academy has this structure here where
carry out my trainings
the time
The young man keeps a lot of Christmas in the pope.
ladder in a notary or the first
competition came about through a
opportunity and I can not forget this
name of the person who put me in
the sport saulo he invited me to
a regional championship
I was beaten and there I received many
Personal compliments saying that I had one
good physical a good way and decided
start your competitions
the Paraná federation also emerged
want something we did not have the rfb paraná
the sbb parana has made championships a lot
good top level championships
championships that are better
here in the paraná than in the other states
they care about us if they
matter if we're going to hurt ourselves
backstage or a fruit
that if one happens to go wrong
they give all the support
the erasmus that is the vice president of
federation paranaense it as my friend
and a person who also admires me
branded the marketing and advertising staff
of Latino hygiene was looking for a
athlete of the heavyweight category a
athlete who has stood out so
erasmus indicated
and they came to me and we talked
we see well then this partnership came
as of July 2003
It was something very striking in my life.
was something really very important and
Today I'm very proud to wear
this shirt here
I've been in the top 3 in the category
above 100 kg that all staff
that accompanies the barrel in Brazil with
sure today they know who is james
world bond for the future as noise
It's in Brazil it's the classic evening of the year.
Last I was in third place
this year we will again have a version
ir seems that in rio de janeiro
the classic Brazil and I go there is a
more evolved body with a more
mature and with all the desire to be
champion